we get to know the real talk and
we're on you just watch the
all-new episode of wicked tuna
and now it's time for wicked
tuna realtalk web show were
Gloucester's top bluefin tuna
captain's will give us their
take on what just happened i'm
mike sulk i am your host and
joining us this week we've got
three captains with us first
captain Dave Marciano the hard
merchandise captain Paul Ebert
of the kelly and captain Dave
Carraro of fishing vessel
tuna.com guys thank you for
being with us today on this last
episode we saw the fleet's
underdog boats fighting hard to
stay in the race with a new boat
drama joining the competition
will get to that may enough to a
bit of a rocky start over on.com
we saw first made Sandro take
over the reins when Davis away
so there was a lot going on in
this episode we have a ton to
talk about i want to start with
being an underdog we've seen
Dave kind of race off to the
lead pinwheels kind of been
right there with them but
there's an underdog mentality
and Dave I know the hard
merchandise always sort of has
that feel and I know your fans
feel that way to that you're
sort of that lovable underdog
that you can root for would you
be happier being the favorite
yeah i don't know i mean you
know that but it'd be nice to
have it all be easy right but
maybe again
life ain't like that right life
is real you don't always get
what you want sometimes you just
got to get by with you know you
get what you need right there
you have bottom line is you just
gotta keep driving that's the
only thing I know how to do
their level of pride that comes
with Adam and you've got this
boat sank a couple years ago you
have to rebuild it seemed to
sort of struggled along your way
how much pride is that does that
tell ya there's a certain amount
of make sure i wish i could say
i had the biggest baddest
fanciest boat in the fleet
there's a certain amount of
pride that goes with that and
great for the guys who do that
like gave you know he's got a
gorgeous boat at least you know
for me that gives me a goal in
life right
hey maybe someday if I workout
enough maybe i will get that
boat they'll be faster than the
tuna.com
okay great they don't want to do
a friends of mine know it at
least you know the meaning in
the meat i know sometimes you
gotta take what you got and make
it work roles and graded well
pause basically been your life
i'm even a lot of boats we've
talked about that the underdog
mentality has to be important to
have been an underdog my whole
life I was always a couple years
behind all my brothers fishing
they all had boats I couldn't
afford about it was a little kid
so coming into this it has given
me a big step forward to go for
something it has given me a big
big time thing to foresee i can
get my own boat
I can achieve goals that I never
thought I could
it's been a big deal for me
you're more immediate goal is
just to kind of ratchet up the
fish counter right hands are
falling behind on all of our
game is to put meat on the deck
how quickly change right now you
write down near the bottom how
we lookin chain in one day one
day everything can turn change
in an hour in yeah exactly
Dave last year you were just far
away beyond everybody else in
this year your little bit more
of a of a dogfight for how
motivating is that it's a very
motivating you know I mean last
year you know we came out strong
and we finish strong
it was a slow your fishing we
were just able to capitalize the
most of the Vice we lost very
few fish and as you saw we
caught quite a few but you know
I know these guys are going to
come out knowing what i just
said and they're gonna come out
running and gunning for me so we
don't we better be ready
we got to get to my favorite
mall this is my favorite moment
that we've had so far on wicked
tuna and I can't wait to talk
about it i hope you feel a
little guilty this is what I'm
excited because now you've seen
it is senior epic rant well i
would say you've heard it
because you know there's
children out there and all that
and there's delicate ears
how does you lost two in a row
the second one was basically
right there at the boat when it
got away
you're just about to take the
shot that thing takes off what
what what broke you don't know
yeah the line
well it you know that what the
swivel gym in the tip but
whatever it was it was like it
just goes is part I i usually
try to stay positive
losing a few is by the game
right but now the reality of
life kisses up you need a
paycheck things go wrong hey
everybody has their breaking
point
I'm not proud of that right it's
not like you know I wanted to
show my son
hey this is a great way to
behave right there's a lot of
stress a lot of money on their
loss that's bad stuff around but
you know what everybody has a
breaking point and apparently
that they reach by did you get
the the shot of the two of them
kind of scuttling away far away
in the world
yeah yeah I didn't say that hey
any word from a book about 40
feet longer right no but he's
gone posted but then enjoy
watching a really big fish at
the end of this so I mean we're
now it is just the sort of up
the embarrassment I was like oh
my god I can't believe I thought
that way just a few minutes ago
I felt you know if you are right
within JJ has this thing if you
ask my bill tell you sometimes
that's exactly what it takes for
us to get things going you I
need to have a complete meltdown
it's that's that crowd and all
of a sudden fits that coming
we're going to use the word
tantrum if you're willing to
call yourself a tantrum that I
think that's the right word for
it we had Dru how to deal with
losing fish I mean it happens
all the time but i do i've been
doing this for a long time I've
watched my father rant and rave
over twenty-five cents a pound
it's just the feeling of
struggling catching a fish you
sitting you're fighting fish
week at the week and you're
losing them you're losing them
your snap it's just the
overcoming catching one I mean
it's all the bottom line is the
money for us now there's a lot
of money on the line and it
costs a lot of money to go
fishin it's just like I've see
Dave workout before years ago
when i first went I remember
when we lost that one
I startled and I would happen we
had a doubleheader just feel
like through it's gonna be
alright we're gonna get my
button and days like like six
losses and we lost like 11 in a
row right more than what does
not come look like when he
freaks out and I guess we saw a
free hour earlier here is great
because he felt great after that
he was like you got it we caught
him good was something i can
write and we saw you get mad at
Tyler this year that's the most
we've seen you lose your cool at
any point like the show would
you say that and then after that
you started catching fish again
and it cannot explosive release
of energy be helpful for you out
there maybe not you know whether
that's why we're catching fish
or not I don't know but you know
like they've said everybody has
a breaking point you know maybe
that's what it takes to reach a
breaking point you're maxed out
now you realize you've done bad
let's stay focused
lets you know pay attention to
the task and and that's catching
fish in making money
well Davis freaking out Paul you
just seem to be catching fish
are in a groove at this point
we've got three in three weeks
said was just sort of a little
fish in this case it wasn't a
huge 100 nice it was a big money
fish don't you know sometimes
big fish little fish big payoff
right yeah you know you had 800
pounds that paid two bucks a pop
you feel like right now this is
sort of you get your groove on a
new beau new crew youse guys
sort of started playing yourself
everything with the guys on the
boat because we're just starting
to learn their opening up now
they weren't you know they were
very conservative at the
beginning just waiting for me
trying to learn of what i'm
going to do instead of just
jumping in and saying what about
this what about you know it's
hard to get like Dave's had
signed up for a long time
he's a DJ for a long time you
just use it you get it it's a
team you need a team to catch
these fish and you gotta learn
to give you don't worry what
each other want or do and learn
their likes and dislikes and go
with that are you sure they're
being conservative or maybe they
just wasn't enough room for them
to talk i mean that's always a
possibility this there's a lot
of Paul on that before when I
said I work a lot
what time my hands down I think
it's not need my hands
well you mentioned the
communication and
when you watch the dot-com that
seems to be what jumps out to me
is how easily you and Sandra
community coming okay i want to
get back together so long
well you guys almost our drama
free out there maybe it just
feels like you're there's almost
a mind-meld between your you
barely need to say anything in
order to do the right thing and
there's there's a reason for
that you know like so whenever I
bring somebody new on the boat I
like to hire training without
any experience just like he said
yeah I like that person to go
from from kindergarten all the
way through the grades with me
on the teacher the whole time
this way it's not like taking
someone on like Paul and no
offense but no things
differently different way yeah
he wanted his way I wanted my
way right overall you know on
the cap and I have the final say
values it doesn't happen
although I respect his opinion
with Sondra now we don't have to
talk because I know what he's
thinking and he knows what I'm
thinking because that's the way
I brought him up through the
years I've been fishing with me
when you hold him the way Dave
wants him to be and he taught
and like you with Jay yeah you
mold them so we know what the
what each other do at certain
times we know what to do when to
do how to do it how to make dave
not better person
how what to do when he freaks
out what to do when he's happy
you know I mean doesn't make
everything easy it's a year but
not everybody you bring on your
boat can excel like Jay did so I
had a lot of meats come work a
few years think they've got it
all have all the pieces of the
puzzle and they move on
never catch up they talked to
talk but you're interesting in
the rockwell let's talk about
the guy who is on your boat
right now Cassandra had a great
week right goes out there takes
a new guy will talk more about
Georgie here in just a moment
but he goes out there by himself
without you were first where
were you just hanging out how is
that work days at work so he has
hey guys take the boat go do a
little fishing and he comes back
with a gigantic all brown is a
proud moment for you first of
all for me to let somebody take
my boat means i have a lot of
trust and that person so that
says a lot right there whether
they catch a fish or they know a
lot of bad things happen out
there so i gotta trust those
guys taking my boat without
sinking and coming back alive
that alone is is a is that she
has such as you make that
offered he come to you with the
ib the offer you know Saunders
been with me he's never really
fish much before he's never been
on a boat before he's never seen
into before but he just learned
so fast
and I said this kid has what it
takes he gets it in peelings and
for me to let those two young
boys go out take the boat to the
fishing grounds wherever they
chose to go to accomplish the
task and that's catching fish
not only did they catch a fish
they caught a big fish at that
and he was like just over 700
pounds dressed and that was
being there and not only is
amazing
that's just a great feeling for
me I have no kids but those no
Sandow is my kid so to speak and
just to watch you know something
someone that you've taught to
you know if there's a like that
and do that and say see the kid
he's got it who would you let
your would you let JJ I'll take
the boat out without you you
know i don't think they quite
ready for that in a lot of it
has to do with its the boat to
the thing about my boat it's
because it's not newest in
everything's not perfect right
it has a lot of little things
that like you know I'm ready for
stuff to go wrong at any second
you guys know you've seen it
over the years
oh my god ok oh yeah that's a
lot of levels of electricity
Jake the cat had merchandise
ground how many of those
problems are self created from
you tearing stuff off the window
so drop it and it will bring
some of them were just with
david and i bought himself a lot
to pee if if it James force it
if it breaks you need to replace
it anyway right
no well Dave you also decided in
this after that moment with
sandra going out with Jordan
that you're gonna take on a
third member of your crew
what y Jory what it what
impressed you what made you make
that decision mean I I talk to
sondra about it and he said he
did real well out there you know
jordans just a he's a young kid
and he's just appeared to be
very motivated and I take
Saunders word for many things
and he said he likes he likes
jordan and he wants to bring
them on you guys have talked
about him before remember last
year
you went on throughout the year
hearing you guys talk about how
much Sandro added to daves
bowknot that you're taking
credit away from Dave but just
how much of it you guys seem to
be very melding together to have
a crew member
you guys are both vouch for this
to have someone that you can
like take a day off and they can
go out and catch fish they bring
a lot to the plate
it's not easy you feel if this
fishery was easy everyone would
do it for a living
not everyone does it for a
living it's very struggling I
mean we have David I have a
really hard time but you know
he's got it going on he has got
the team that is it's a golden
team was probably all that the
perfect segue into what we saw
with the guys from the drama who
want to try to make it in this
fishery they want to try to be a
part of the fleet landing right
there
what do you make of their
opening salvo into that because
it didn't it didn't start on
girly for that
no I didn't you know what that I
think to exert an extent I think
we all went through it right
with us every night that time
not any one of us here was you
know born with the knowledge by
all of this racket at least for
myself was going out there
putting my time in making
mistakes and learn from them and
moving forward right all along
from was just a year ago we saw
Paul drivers boat up onto the
ground so I mean if this is your
Fargo man discovered Plymouth
Rock gonna tail
but I like what you said Paul
the first thing you said to them
was that you were impressed with
the hard work
how far can that go in making it
in this business that is
everything I always said if I
could get a deckhand for
somebody to work with me not for
me someone like myself with like
the drive that Sandro has you
need someone like you i mean
that's that's the way to do it
you know just take someone off
the street that's very little
experience fishing again every
July are teaching miss they're
absorbing there's no the other
way just your way what they say
that was just you know what's
the best advice you would give
to their guys on the drama
wow I don't I mean don't give up
start over and do over
yeah it's tough on that small
boat I know I fish small boats
my old life yeah and they're
just learning like they look
when i first came to gloss that
I had to get familiar i didn't
know Dave that well
italy and just jump in or you're
going to pay you do
we've all paid dues like the
cases hundreds of thousands of
guys are gonna do better than
others sooner you know just for
someone to get a boat and think
it's easy to go out and catch a
bluefin tuna going to be in for
a rude awakening it's not as
easy as just going out anchored
up shaman put bait on a hook
watching the balloon go down
real hard is easy as seen on tv
years and you said what are we
doing this for still well I know
what I'm gonna hook up I learned
this week that if i want to go
out catching bluefin tuna I
gotta keep my anchor off of
other people's boats going to
start screaming for the thing
and get the bleep button and the
fish just jump onto the bugs I
learned something thank you for
teaching me all right guys good
stuff as always all the time we
have for this installment of
wicked tuna
Real Talk a hearty thank you to
captain Dave Marciano I don't
think that bleep during this
show of the hard merchandise
captain Polly burn of the
Kellyanne and captain Dave
Carraro a fishing vessel
tuna.com thanks guys I
appreciate you go to now
geo tv.com / real talk to watch
all the Real Talk episodes the
bike will be on up north and
main waters when the fleet
descends on the crowded hotspot
you're gonna see some fireworks
will have . com Dave back here
again to talk about that as well
as captain Tyler McLaughlin of
the pinwheel and Captain TJ odd
of the Hot Tuna to get daily
updates on everything wicked
tuna
like us on Facebook or simply
follow us on Twitter we'll see
you next time on wicked tuna
real top